go dilly
what happened ah well I'm not stuck I
don't think I'm going in there Oh
Billy I gotta walk through this get all
wet
stop Soaker it up to the ear balls what
do you want me to do I don't know either
I don't want to guess okay yeah you
should have made it oh I guess I got a
Soaker now I got a Soaker now Kelly
surprisingly the right boot is actually
no now sweat oh now we're wet okay come
on daily drink oh yeah keep it going I
don't know how you're gonna get at the
other side look at the stuff all monk
around there oh that might be part of
the problem can you go
hang on to her Billy keep it going here
he goes keep going unless you want to
come back through unless you want to
come back through you have to find your
way out through those trees and you'll
come up to that other trail where you
didn't want to go through
oh yeah go that way oh man
so Kurt I guess I guess I need my boots
washed
oh man that's even deeper cooler huh
there's always a real wet spot here in
the spring each time and I guess it's an
old swamp or what everybody's got this
grassy stuff that grows up pretty heavy
in it oh what a sloppy mess oh man yeah
I'm not going through that deck with
that that I gotta try to get turned
around them but I can't film and drive
this thing stuck again keep going dilly
fight his way out oh wait